# [Virginia Oil and Natural Gas Wells](https://hub.arcgis.com/datasets/17c5ed5a6bd44dd0a52c616a5b0cacca_0)  

This feature class/shapefile represents Oil and Natural Gas Wells. An Oil and Natural Gas Well is a hole drilled in the earth for the purpose of finding or producing crude oil or natural gas; or producing services related to the production of crude or natural gas. Geographic coverage includes the United States (Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wyoming) as well Oil and Natural Gas wells in the Canadian provinces of British Columbia and Manitoba that are within 100 miles of the country's border with the United States. According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA) the following states do not have active/producing Oil or Natural Gas Wells: Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Georgia, Hawaii, Iowa, Idaho, Massachusetts, Maine, Minnesota, North Carolina, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Vermont, and Wisconsin. Some states do have wells for underground Natural Gas storage facilities where these have been identified they were included. This layer is derived from well data from individual states and provinces and United States Agencies. This layer is incomplete at this time. Further development for data missing from one state, two Canadian provinces and Mexico is in process. This update release includes an additional 95,891 wells covering Arizona, New Mexico, and Oklahoma. This update release also includes a correction to the NAICS Code attribute for some records.  

[Metadata](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=17c5ed5a6bd44dd0a52c616a5b0cacca)  
This feature class/shapefile contains Oil and Natural Gas Wells for the [Homeland Infrastructure Foundation-Level (HIFLD) Database (https://hifld-dhs-gii.gov/HIFLD)](https://hifld-dhs-gii.gov/HIFLD) as well as the Energy modeling and simulation community.  
